# Meeting Notes  

**Date:** 31 May 2025  
**Time:** 17:00 GMT  
**Facilitator:** Ahmed  
**Note-taker:** Sukhrob  

**Participants (4):** Emre, Sukhrob, Ahmed, Clement  

| # | Item |
|---|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| 1 | Each group member filled out the group norms file. After a brief  |
|   | discussion of the key points, Ahmed will summarize them and push  |
|   | the result to `collaboration/README.md`.                          |
| 2 | The team agreed to protect the `main` branch and require two      |
|   | reviewers per pull request.                                       |
| 3 | Clement will provide a skeleton for                               |
|   | `collaboration/communication.md`; the group will edit it.         |
| 4 | Sukhrob will take notes for the current meeting.                  |
| 5 | Sukhrob will push the notes to                                    |
|   | `collaboration/meeting_minutes/YYYY-MM-DD_minutes.md`.            |
| 6 | The group will hold one standing weekly meeting at a fixed        |
|   | day and time—chosen over the next week—and keep that slot.        |
| 7 | The group will run a Slack poll to choose a team name.            |
